On a sunny day, countless Byzantine heavy cavalry charged against the Ottoman light infantries in the wilderness.
A man playing basketball in Times Square. People around are cheering for him.
Livehouse performance, singer playing guitar on stage, audience waving below, camera focused on the singer.
Hundreds of people in the office sitting in their seats and carefully entering codes on the computer.
A dreamy and adorable young girl joyfully raising her arms in a 'banzai' cheer, surrounded by gently falling snow in Nara, Japan, with enchanting traditional Japanese architecture in the background.
Michael Jordan wearing a scarf is waving to the audience with a happy smile and wearing glasses, the background of a typical Indian traditional house.
Close-up of the face of a beautiful blonde European woman. A brown freckle under the left eye. Blue pupils. red lips. Gradually smile.
Half body perspective. A female Latin dancer is dancing the rumba. Be confident and smile.
A baby smiled and then suddenly started crying.
A big ocean wave at daybreak. Film, moody, high resolution.
An atomic bomb explosion produced a huge mushroom cloud, and all the trees were blown down by the shock wave.
A lush green valley nestled between mighty mountains.
Mount Kilimanjaro. Aerial photography perspective and the perspective moves forward quickly.
A volcano erupted in Antarctica, sending lava flowing into the icy sea.
A Corgi running on a grassy field, following the perspective.
A slow camera push in on a lion in the tall grass.
A chameleon keeps changing its colors on a tree.
A cute kitten opened its mouth and yawned.
A capybara wearing a Superman suit stood with two feet by the fence, chewing gum.
A speeding blue SUV. Desert Storm. Sky getting dark. Following the perspective.
A snowball rolled down from the top of the mountain and got bigger and bigger.
Macro perspective. A beautiful Klein Sapphire with lots of reflections and elegance
Various water glasses on the table. One of the glasses fell over and leaked red liquid.
A mobile phone with a black screen displays white text "Low battery, please charge", and a red light flashes below the text.
The exterior of a log cabin in the lush green woods during the day, peaceful environment in the style of professional cinematography.
Ancient Roman ruins, overhead shot, gradually zooming in.
Snowy night. Victorian two-story building. A little light shone through the window.
A Gothic castle surrounded by a moat and has red triangular flags flying on it.
Aerial perspective. Constantinople City and Hagia Sophia.
realistic, cinematic, a warrior after battle next to a dragon
astronaut walking away, cinematic
Sunset over the sea.
A serene underwater scene featuring a sea turtle swimming